Change param name when filtering with hash (#12652)
demisto/content: Packs/ThreatGrid/ReleaseNotes/1_2_3.md

#### Integrations
##### Cisco Threat Grid

> - Fixed threat-grid-get-samples command filtering issue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the ***threat-grid-get-samples*** command did not use filters correctly.
```

Author: Fixed
